README.md, before:

Status Overview.

3.3 - Running 10% Testing, Performance Tweaks on StakingProcess ~ CLientSide

2.3 - Running 20% from whole Cluster, with Max. Transactions including Test Payouts and Burning unused Coins.

1.3 - Testing Payout function - processing 100 Transactions per 10 seconds

1.3 - Testing Network, BlockChain - 10% Online and Running

28.2 - Testing function and Network Stability

28.2 - Finished Pre-Alpha Client 



# x Project X 

Phase 1, Friends & Family Alpha 

Q: How to participate ? 
A: selected user across the crypto world receive her invitation and Instructions via PM,Mail,Tweet or Skype

Invited User are able to Download the Project-X Wallet and Join the pre-Launch Event.
which grant them Access to her personal Mining-Contract Slot and partital earnings 
from the Launched Blockchain. the rewards get paid steady every 20 Minutes into her Wallet
and doesnt request any other action from the User after joining the friends & Family Alpha.

Your Mining-Contract ends after 5 Weeks automatic, but you will be able to re-subscribe
on the same terms like b4, you just need to contact me or the team to get your account re-activated.
i wouldnt call it a life-time access but nearby everyone on that list support me in the past 
on different ways, and this is the perfect way to say ThankYou.


now some infos around and about Project-X

Project-X is a Centralized, Blockchain based CryptoCurrency Gateway with new strategys and distribution.
easy to use, easy to access, easy to participate and easy to implement into your business.


and maybe the most important things,


-	No Developer funds, or usable Premined Coins.
-	generated Coins,but not sold get automatic destroyed
-	NOT static Coinbase-Reward/Output only requested Coins get generated
-	not requested volumes/coins has a Hard-Cap between 0.01% and max 0.99% compared to Sold Units
-	unused Coins get destroyed every 10 seconds full automatic
-100% resistant against HyperInflation.
-100% Backed by Company funds via Bitcoin, Euro and US-Dollar
-100% guaranted rebuy on markets based on the price per sold unit and inflation.
-100% resistant against MinerDumps, 
-	Mining-Contract, free scalable between 60 Minutes and 30 Days
-	Mining-Contract, scalable by 1/10000
-	Company Shares, Investment Plans for long and short term
-	Interest Rate on Company Shares payout up to 3 Times per Hour.


you will find/receive your Invite for the Friends & Family Alpha Test during the Weekend,
inside your Inbox, Mail Account or Social Media Account.

The F&F Alpha shouldnt take so long, and ends during the next week.
The Public Beta starts on +30% availabilty on the CLusterSystem ,
100% availability takes aprox aditional 5-Days,
and result into Final Launch and Public Announcement. which contains
more details about investment Plans etc.

Commit message:

small changes, please use the latest client
small changes, please use the latest client

README.md, after:

Status Overview.
4.3 - 34 % UP  Please use the latest Release

small changes, please use the latest client

https://github.com/Tillkoeln/x/releases/download/Alpha0.2/Project-X-qt-UPNP.exe


3.3 - Running 10% Testing, Performance Tweaks on StakingProcess ~ CLientSide

2.3 - Running 20% from whole Cluster, with Max. Transactions including Test Payouts and Burning unused Coins.

1.3 - Testing Payout function - processing 100 Transactions per 10 seconds

1.3 - Testing Network, BlockChain - 10% Online and Running

28.2 - Testing function and Network Stability

28.2 - Finished Pre-Alpha Client 



# x Project X 

Phase 1, Friends & Family Alpha 

Q: How to participate ? 
A: selected user across the crypto world receive her invitation and Instructions via PM,Mail,Tweet or Skype

Invited User are able to Download the Project-X Wallet and Join the pre-Launch Event.
which grant them Access to her personal Mining-Contract Slot and partital earnings 
from the Launched Blockchain. the rewards get paid steady every 20 Minutes into her Wallet
and doesnt request any other action from the User after joining the friends & Family Alpha.

Your Mining-Contract ends after 5 Weeks automatic, but you will be able to re-subscribe
on the same terms like b4, you just need to contact me or the team to get your account re-activated.
i wouldnt call it a life-time access but nearby everyone on that list support me in the past 
on different ways, and this is the perfect way to say ThankYou.


now some infos around and about Project-X

Project-X is a Centralized, Blockchain based CryptoCurrency Gateway with new strategys and distribution.
easy to use, easy to access, easy to participate and easy to implement into your business.


and maybe the most important things,


-	No Developer funds, or usable Premined Coins.
-	generated Coins,but not sold get automatic destroyed
-	NOT static Coinbase-Reward/Output only requested Coins get generated
-	not requested volumes/coins has a Hard-Cap between 0.01% and max 0.99% compared to Sold Units
-	unused Coins get destroyed every 10 seconds full automatic
-100% resistant against HyperInflation.
-100% Backed by Company funds via Bitcoin, Euro and US-Dollar
-100% guaranted rebuy on markets based on the price per sold unit and inflation.
-100% resistant against MinerDumps, 
-	Mining-Contract, free scalable between 60 Minutes and 30 Days
-	Mining-Contract, scalable by 1/10000
-	Company Shares, Investment Plans for long and short term
-	Interest Rate on Company Shares payout up to 3 Times per Hour.


you will find/receive your Invite for the Friends & Family Alpha Test during the Weekend,
inside your Inbox, Mail Account or Social Media Account.

The F&F Alpha shouldnt take so long, and ends during the next week.
The Public Beta starts on +30% availabilty on the CLusterSystem ,
100% availability takes aprox aditional 5-Days,
and result into Final Launch and Public Announcement. which contains
more details about investment Plans etc.
